ASSIGNMENT – 3
Q1. Print all details of Orders which either have Total Order Amount less than 5000 or which were shipped by shipper with ID 2.
Sort your output in ascending order of OrderID.

 

Q2. Identify Customers whose FirstNames start with the letter K.
Print all details of these customers.
Sort the result set in ascending order of CustomerID.
 -
 

Q3. Identify Customers in the database whose first name starts with the letter H and last name starts with the letter W.
Print all details of these customers.
Sort the result set in ascending order of CustomerID.

Q4. Identify Customers in the database whose first name does not start with the letter H but last name starts with the letter W.
Print all details of these customers.
Sort the result set in ascending order of CustomerID.
 -
 

Q5. Print the average order amount for orders which were paid for using payment method with ID 3.

Q6. Print all details of Orders which were placed by Customers whose ID is a multiple of 10, payment method by Payment with ID 4, shipped by Shipper with ID 3 and which are greater than 30,000 in order value.
Sort the result set in descending order of Customer ID.

 
Q7. Print the Total Revenue Generated and the Average Order Amount of orders which were paid with payment method 5 and were shipped by shipper with ID 1.
You need to print 2 columns in the output - 1 for the Total Revenue Generated, 1 for the Average Order Amount.

Q8. Create an email of each customer as customerid@masai.com. So for customer with ID 500, his ID should be created as '500@masai.com'.
Print CustomerID, First Name, Last Name and the newly created email address.
Sort the result in ascending order of CustomerID.
 -
 
Database Schema

Q9. Print the total Market price of products whose Category ID equal to 5011.







Q10. Print all unique brand name where type is "Air Freshener".
Sort the ouput in ascending order.
 -
 

Q11. Find the number of customers who placed the order in first month of year 2021.

Q12. Print all the details of table Order Details with Quantity more than 19.
Sort the output in ascending order of Order Detail Id.

 

Q12. Print all Product Name where type is "Imported Cleaners" and Market Price is more than 400.
Sort the Product Name in ascending order.

 

Q13. We are writing an API that shows all the customerData in series of pages.
Each page contains 5 customers
Output the Customer data that will be displayed on 6th page
Expected Output 
