Assignment – 3

Q1. Print Customer ID, First Name, Last Name, Date of Birth and Customer's current age.
Sort the result in ascending order of CustomerID.
Note: Use NOW() function as CP will not allow you to use GETDATE().

 

Q2. Identify the First Day of Delivery for each Shipper.
Print Shipper ID, Shipper Company Name followed by the First Delivery Date.
Sort the result in ascending order of ShipperID.

 

Q3. Print month names followed by the number of orders delivered in that particular month for all months of the year 2020.
Sort the result in descending order of order count.

 

Q4. Identify and print top three months where the most number of orders were delivered across both the years 2020 and 2021.
Print Month Number, Month Name, followed by the order count.
Sort the result in descending order of Count.

 
Q5. Identify and print top 5 months where the most orders were delivered across 2021.
Print Month Name, followed the order count.
Sort the result in descending order of count.

 

Q6. Identify and print the top 3 months where the least orders were delivered.
Considering each of the months of all years as single entity.
For example, Jan of 2020 and 2021 will be considered as a single entity and so on
Print Month Name, followed by the order count.
Sort the result in ascending order of Count.

 

Q7. Write a query to identify pairs of customers who belong to the same state.
Print First customer's id, first name, second customer's id, first Name and state.
Make sure you do not print a pair in which the customer ids are the same.
Let the first customer's id be less than the second customer's id.
Sort the result in ascending order of first customer's id.
For records with the same first customer's id, sort them in ascending order of second customer's id.
 

Q8. Calculate the total spend across orders of customers whose full name consists of the letter 'a'.
Print Customer ID, Full Name and Total Spend.
Let the full name be combination of First Name and Last Name separated by a space.
Sort the result in ascending order of Customer ID.
If you see blank cells in the full name column that means you have concatenated a string with null.
For such cases just print the first name without any concatenation.

 

Q9. Write a query to get the order IDs of all the orders which were paid either using Credit card or debit card.
Print Order ID, Customer ID, Payment type and Total Order Amount.
(Replace Credit card with 'Credit' and Debit card with 'Debit' - Use REPLACE Function and not CASE WHEN).
Sort the result in ascending order of Order ID.

 

Q10. Write a query to find the total Sale price for each Brand of all products where the Quantity is an even number.
Sort the output in descending order of Brand.