Assignment – 4
Q1. Write a query to find the Orders which were delivered exactly in 2 days.
Print Order Id, Customer ID, Order Date, Delivery Date and Total Order Amount for each of these orders.
Order your output in terms of Customer ID asc.

 
Q2. Identify the top 5 categories which had the highest quantity of products ordered.
Print Category ID, Category Name and Corresponding Total Quantity.
Sort the result in descending order of Total Quantity.
 

Q3. Identify the top 5 products in terms of total quantity sold.
Print Product Name, Sale Price, Market Price and Total Quantity.
Order your output in descending order of total quantity for the same number of quantities order your output by Product.

 

Q4. Print Order ID, Customer ID, Payment ID, Payment Type, and Total Order Amount for all orders which were paid through by a non-card payment type.
Card payment types are 'Credit card' and 'Debit card'.
Sort the result in ascending order of Order ID

 

Q5. For each customer print the following sentence. Consider only those customers who ordered at least once.
Sort the output in ascending order on Customer Id. Example - James placed their first order in May 2020
 
Q6. Write a query to find the average discount percenatge for each Category.
Discount % = ((Market Price - Sale Price)/Market Price)* 100
Print the Category ID along with average discount percentage(Round the avg discount percentage to 2 decimals).
Sort the output in ascending order on CategoryId.
HINT: Use CTE for this question.

 

Q7. Write a query to find the top 3 months with the highest customer acquisition.
Print the months in string format like January, February,etc along with the count of customers entered in that month.
 :
 

Q8. Write a query to print all the product details with Sub category as 'All Purpose Cleaners' and 'Bakeware'.
Print all the columns present in Products table.
Order your output in ascending order of Product ID.
Solve the problem using CTEs.

 

Q9. Write a query to find the number of customers who entered each Quarter.
Print the Quarter and the count of customers who entered in that Quarter.
Order your output in ascending order of Quarter.

 

Q10. Identify the orders which were ordered in 2020 but delivered in 2021.
Print all details of such orders along with the difference in days from the order date to the delivery date.
Filter to only print details of orders where the difference between the 2 dates in terms of days in greater than or equal to 25.
Sort the result in ascending order of OrderID.