ASSIGNMENT – 4
Q1. Print the total revenue made by the company which was received through Payment Id - 2.
(Use Total_Order_Amount to calculate revenue)

Q2. Print the first and the last order dates on which the orders were placed as stored in the database.

 

Q3. Print the least order amount placed by any customer.

Q4. Print all details of Customers whose first names do not start with Vowels.
Sort the result in ascending order of CustomerID.
 -
 




Q5. Print all details of Customers whose first names start with a Vowel and Phone Number starts with 9.
Sort the result in ascending order of CustomerID.
 -
 

Q6. Print the count of Orders whose Total_order_Amount value is an even number.

Q7. Print the unique Last names of customers whose details are stored in the database.
Sort the result set in reverse alphabetical order of the Last names.

 
Q8. Print ProductID and the combination of Brand Name and Product Name.
The Brand Name and the Product Name should be separated by a space, an hyphen, followed by another space.
Sort the result set in ascending order of ProductID.
 -
 

Q9. What is the phone number of customer whose firstname is Ezra and lastname is Duncan

Q10. Print the following Table
 
The table identifies the customers who do not have a last name stored in the database.
For such customers, you are then required to put 'Doe' as their last name along with the other details.
Sort the result in ascending order of CustomerID.
Q11. Print the customer ID, first name, last name, and the month name of their date of birth from the customers table. Sort the results by customer ID in ascedning order.
 -
 

Q12. We are working on a page that shows all the details in OrderDetails table with 10 rows in each page.
For example, if you use limit 10,10 it will return records 11 to 20 depending on orderby condition
Sorting should be done on OrderDetailID and then OrderID in ascending order, Display the records on 10th page

Q13. Print all details of orders which were ordered on the 16th of December 2021 and were paid through using payment with ID 4.
Sort the result in ascending order of OrderID.
 -
 

Q14. Print all details of Products where there is no discount offered (consider looking at their Sale_price and Market_price values) and whose sale price is greater than 2500.
Sort the result in ascending order of ProductID.