ASSIGIMENT – 5
Q1. Find the Number of Customers belonging to each Country.
Print the Country column first followed by the Number of Customers belonging to each Country in the second column.
Sort the result in alphabetical order of Country Names.

 

Q2. Get the Total Quantity of products ordered for each order.
Print the columns Order ID and Total Quantity in the output.
Sort the result set in ascending order of Order ID.

 

Q3. Get the total number of records for each Brand.
Print the Brand name in alphabetical order in the first column followed by number of products for respective brands in second column.
 -
 
Q4. Get the maximum Market Price of products for each Type.
Print the Type in alphabetical order in the first column, followed by the maximum Market Price in the second column.

 

Q5. Calculate the total quantity of products per order irrespective of ProductID for each order.
Print OrderID and Total Order Quantity.
Filter to only print orders which have total quantity greater than 100.
Sort the result set in ascending order of OrderID.

Q6. Calculate the total product quantity supplied by each supplier.
Print Supplier ID and Total Quantity.
Filter to only print Suppliers who shipped more than 48000 in quantity.
Sort the result set in ascending order of SupplierID.

Q7. Print the average spend per order and the total spend across all orders, made by Customer with ID 57100.
 - (Numbers are not actual.)
 
Q8. Find the average Total order amount for each shippers and each Total order amount should be divisible by 550.
Sort the output in decreasing order of Shipper ID.

 

Q9. Find the sum of the total order amount for each shipper whose ShipperID is the same as the PaymentID.
In the output, print the ShipperID and the sum of the total amount.
Sort the output in increasing order based on the ShipperID.
Smaple Output -
 

Q10. Find the total amount for each shippers whose Customer ID is divisible by Payment ID.
Print Shipper ID and total amount.
Hint take Total order amount for finding the total amount.
Sort the output in increasing order of Shipper ID.