ASSIGIMENT – 6
Q1. Count the number of Customers from Germany
Q2. Get the average Market Price across combinations of each Brand and Type.
Print Brand in first column, Type in second column, followed by corresponding average Market Price in the third column.
Sort the result set in alphabetical order of Brand, for rows with same Brand, sort them in alphabetical order of Type.

 









Q3. Identify the number of orders placed in each month of the year 2021.
Print Month followed by Number of Orders.
Sort the result set in ascending order of Month.

 

Q4. Identify the Month-Year combination which had the Highest Customer Acquisition.
Print Month, Year, Number of Customers whose details were entered into the database.
NOTE  Ouput has only one line

Q5. Print the Month number and number of orders ordered in that particular month for each of the months of the year 2020.
Consider the dates from OrderDate for this calculation.
Print for only those months where the number of orders placed is less than 100.
Sort the result set in ascending order of Month number.
Use MONTH( Relevant_Column ) and YEAR( Relevant_Column ) to extract the month and year from the given date column for generating the result set.

 

Q6. Identify and print top three months where the most number of orders were delivered across both the years 2020 and 2021.
Print Month Number, Month Name, followed by the order count.
Sort the result in descending order of Count.
 -
 

Q7. Identify the count of orders Shipped in each of the first 6 months of 2021.
Print the month name followed by the count of orders.
Sort the result in descending order of Count.

 


Q8. Print the following table which depicts the length of first names in the customers table along with the corresponding count of such names.
Sort the result in ascending order of Length of FirstNames.
Required Result
 

Q9. Write a query to calculate the total Sale price for each Category that has an even Category ID.
Sort your output in increasing order of Category ID.

 

Q10. Write a query to calculate the total count of unique Product IDs for each order in the Orderdetails table, where the count of unique Product IDs is exactly 5.
Print Order Id and total count.
Sort the output in ascending order of Order ID.

 
Q11. Get the sum of the Total order amount for each shipper for all Orders whose Total order amount would be greater than 12500.
Sort the output in increasing order of Shipper ID.

 

Q12. Print the days of the week(Sunday , Monday ...) ,the average order amount for that day, and the total number of orders placed on that day.
Order the output in descending order of average order amount.
Sample output
 

Q13. Print the brand names and total number of products of those brands currently selling at a discount of more than 50%. Sort the table in descending order based on the number of products and in ascending order based on the brand names.
Smaple Output -
 
Q14. The stakeholders wants to know about those 5 Sub categories who has the most products with no discount (consider looking at their Sale_price and Market_price values).
Give Sub Category name and total products with no discount.
Sort the result in descending order of total Product.
 
 
Q15. What is the number of customer acquisitions for each month in the year 2021?
Print the month number and the count of customer acquisitions. Sort the table in ascending order by month.