
Assignment – 8
Q1. Write a query to find the top 5 customers for each month with highest total order amount.
Print order id,customer id, month number, order amount and rank.
Avoid skipping ranks.
Sort the result in ascending order of month number. For records with same month number, sort them in ascending order of rank.

 
Q2. Write a query to assign s_no (or row_number) to the orders table by ordering total order amount in decreasing order. For orders with same total order amount, sort them in ascending order of OrderID
Print only those records where s_no is even.
Your output should contain the following columns: s_no,order id, customer id, total_order_amount.
Sort the result in ascending order of s_no.

 

Q3. Write a query to find the top 2 Sale prices for each type.
Print all the columns of products table and the rank.
Avoid skipping ranks.
Sort the result set in alphabetical order of Type. For records with the same type sort them in ascending order of rank.

 
Q4. Write a query to find the top 10 customers who placed the maximum number of orders in the year 2021.
Print Customerid,first name and the number of orders placed.
Sort the result in ascending order of CustomerID.

Q5. Write a query to identify the customer from each country who placed that particular country's second most expensive order.
Print orderid, customerid, first name, last name, total order amount, country and rank.
Avoid skipping ranks.
Sort the result in ascending order of OrderID.

 
Q6. Write a query to assign s_no (or row_number) to the orders table by ordering total order amount in desc. For records with same order amount, sort them in ascending order of OrderID.
Then, print only those records where s_no is odd.
Your output should contain the following columns: s_no,order id, customer id, total_order_amount.
Sort the result in inccreaasing order of s_no.

 

Q7. Write a query to divide all the orders into 30 buckets on the basis of decreasing order of total order amount.
Print all the records from orders table and the bucket number.

 

Q8. Write a query to find the total order amount of the previous OrderID.
Print all the details from orders table and the prevous order amount.

 

Q9. Write a query to find the shipdate of the 10th following OrderID.
Print all the details from orders table and the 10th following shipdate.

 

Q10. Write a query to find the sum of total order amount for each shipper id and rank them basis the decreasing order of this sum.
Print shipper id, total order amount and rank.
Avoid skipping ranks.
Sort the result in ascending order of rank.

 

